Update automate-mendix-deployment-on-microsoft-windows.md (#7480)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/developerportal/deploy/on-premises-design/ms-windows/automate-mendix-deployment-on-microsoft-windows.md

Install-MxServer -LiteralPath {<target folder for the downloaded file>}\mendix-{<major>.<minor>.<patch>.<build>}.gz
```

### 4.4 Sample Script - Create new Mendix app

> The following script example demonstrates how to create a new Mendix app with an app folder and basic Settings.yaml file. Below is the command to create new Mendix app.

Reviewer: The second sentence repeats in fact the first sentence, right? (the following script exampe demonstrates how to vs. below is the command to)
```suggestion
The following script example demonstrates how to create a new Mendix app with an app folder and basic Settings.yaml file.
```

> The following script example demonstrates how to create a new Mendix app with an app folder and basic Settings.yaml file. Below is the command to create new Mendix app.

Reviewer: Can you add some text about the fact that you still need to extend the `Settings.yaml` file with database and other settings before the app can really start?

```text {linenos=table}

> $APP_NAME = ‘Name of Mendix app’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$APP_NAME = 'Name of Mendix app'
```

> The following script example demonstrates how to create a new Mendix app with an app folder and basic Settings.yaml file. You still need to extend Settings.yaml file with database settings and a valid Java path before the app can really start.

Reviewer 2: I would change "with an app folder". Should we say what the folder is going to be called once the app is created?
My initial suggestion would be:

```suggestion
The following script example demonstrates how to create a new Mendix app in its own folder and with a basic `Settings.yaml` file. You still need to extend the `Settings.yaml` file with database settings and a valid Java path before the app can really start.
```

Author: I would suggest to keep 'with its own folder' instead of 'in its own folder' as we are not creating any other files apart from folder with an app name and Settings.yaml file inside that folder.

Reviewer 2: OK, that makes sense.
I won't commit this change and I'll approve the PR.

# Create new Mendix app
New-MxApp -Name $APP_NAME -Credential (Get-Credential)
```

### 4.5 Sample Script - Set Log Level for Mendix app

> The following script example demonstrates how to set log level for all nodes of a log subscriber at once. Below is the command to set log level for all log nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following script example demonstrates how to set a log level for all log nodes of a log subscriber at once.
```

> The following script example demonstrates how to set log level for all nodes of a log subscriber at once. Below is the command to set log level for all log nodes.

Reviewer: Can you add some text about the fact that this is only applicable when you have defined your own log subscribers in the `Settings.yaml` file?

```text {linenos=table}

> $APP_NAME = ‘Name of Mendix app’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$APP_NAME = 'Name of Mendix app'
```

> $SubscriberName = ‘Log subscriber name of the app’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$SubscriberName = 'Log subscriber name of the app'
```

> $SubscriberName = ‘Log subscriber name of the app’

Reviewer: We now have all variants of upper casing in our variable names. Can you make that consistent? I think the best one is in example 4.2 (`$mxJson`, `$targetFile`). Can you use that format (camelCase) in example 4.1 as well and in these new examples?

> $Level = ‘Log level which needs to be assigned’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$Level = 'Log level which needs to be assigned'
```
